chore: ACs added to 6002-MDET-market-details (#1740)
vegaprotocol/specs: user-interface/6002-MDET-market-details.md

# Market 

As a trading platform user I want to see all possible information about market.  
<i>IMPORTANT: Available entries may vary depending on market specifics (e.g. oracle related). Separate ACs may be created for more detailed information.</i>

## Market details

> When I am on trading platform I **Must** see following market details summary:

Reviewer: When I am on trading platform I **Must** see following market details summary:
```suggestion
When I am on trading platform I **Must** see following market details summary on the top of trading page:
```

> <i> Depending on market data tooltips may be available in some records when hovered.</i>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<i> Depending on the market data, tooltips may be available for some records when hovered on.</i>
```
